Trusted Data Priority

> Organizations rely on core data about customers, suppliers, products, and locations to operate their businesses
> Every successful initiative start with trusted data
> Reltio enables managing entities, relationships, interactions and consolidates and unifies these master datasets
> Purpose built Master-Data-Management solution create a trusted data foundation
> Companies use clean, consolidated data to:
  1. Accelerate Growth
  2. Reduce Costs
  3. Minimize Risk

Reltio Connected Data Platform

> Reltio is built on Cloud Infrastructure
  - AWS, GCP, Azure
> Focus is on unifying data and delivering it in near real time and on massive scale
> Core data is curated and becomes single source of truth accessible to trusted data to drive initiatives
  
* Single Source of truth near real time and at scale
* Data Quality and Data Validation
* Day 1 value with Universal ID assignment and deduplication
* Dynamic Survivoship for contexual profiles
* Rapid low code/no code integration and near real-time
* View and Manage complex relationships
* Progressive stiching to create richer profiles
* Context UI to empower business users without IT

Market Segments:
1. Life Sciences
2. Healthcare
3. Insurance
4. Financial Services
5. Broad Verticals
   > Business to Business (B2B)
   > Business to Customer (B2C)
   
Four Building Blocks of every Market Segment:
1. Organizations
2. Individuals
3. Locations
4. Products
   
   
Focus on Accelerating Impact:
Reltio Connected Data platform collects and unifies data for high-value market segments so key customer initiatives can deliver the desired business outcomes

Solution packs containing data domain or solution prospect are packaged up for each market segment.

     Collect Data                  ->             Unify Data                        ->             Activate Data                      ->    Deliver Business Outcomes
(from disparate source)                  (for high value market-segments)                    (for Key Customer Initiatives)

First Party Data                                Life Sciences                                 Omnichannel Engagement                        Accelerate Growth
> CRM                                             Healthcare                            Customer Centricity and Target Marketing            Increase Efficiency
> ERP                                             Insurance                                     Sales effectiveness                      Manage Risk and Complaince
> Marketing                                   Financial Services
> Data Lake                                    Broad Verticals
                                                                                                Digital Self Service
Third Party Data                                                                           Intelligent Process Automation
> D&B                                                                                 M&A Integration and Partner Collaboration  
> TransUnion
> BvD
> Data Axle                                                                                       Fraud Detection
                                                                                            Privacy and Consent Management
                                                                                           Auditing and Complaince Reporting



Solution and resources:
Reltio Connected platform solution packs provide customers with resources to reduce data modeling efforts, configuration efforts and implementation time

1. Core : Data Model and Configurations (including MatchRules, Survivorship Strategy amd Cleanse Configurations)
          Use Interface
          Data Validation, Data Quality Dashboards, Workflow
          Reference Data (Lookup Values, RDM Configurations)
2. Advanced : Data Tenants
              Data Cleansing and Enrichment
              Connectors and Integration Recipes


Entity Resolution:
> Reltio creates a single source of truth with one unique ID for every profile
> Reltio matches at the scale and speed of business while ensuring a data quality foundation

1. Matching
   > There are several different customer touch points with partial data
   > Matching identifies same or related records
   > The process includes deduplication and merging records
   
   Rule-Based Matching
   > Rule Identifies matches, merge automatically or present to data stewards for resolution
   > Users review the results of matching
   > Modify match rules to correct matching errors
   
   Reltio Match IQ
   > Reltio Match IQ allows users to train Machine Learning models (ML) to suggest matches
   > These ML algorithms either merge records automatically or present them as Potential Matches
   > Match IQ offering is a part of base package
   > Machine Leaning-based matching is quicker and constantly improves on itself
   > Companies can view duplicates without even loading data into Reltio
   
2. Survivorship
   > Attribute Based survivorship startegy which is dynamic and does on-the-fly operational Value (OV) Calculation
   
3. Reltio ID
   > Reltio ID uniquely identifies a profile inside of Reltio across the entire platform
   > Same Identifier allows for a better customer experience


Data Quality:
Without high quality data, companies business decisions are impacted by lost revenue and poor customer experience.
Reltio solves this issue with continuos data monitoring and data quality dashboards.

  1. Continuous Automated Data Quality Management:
     > Automatically and continuously measures and inspects quality of data with data validation
     > Real time visibility and eliminating complex ity with interactive dashboard
     > High quality contact data with ongoing cleansing, correction and standardization
     > Improved Data Governance with RDM
     > Historical Snapshots, Market Segment benchmarks, and intelligent recommendation with ML capabilities

  2. Real Time visibility:
     > Quickly find and fix data quality issues
     > provides comprehensive metrics for entities and their attributes

  3. High Quality Contact Data:
     > Cleansing, matching, verification and Standardization enriches the quality of data
     > Integrations with multiple service providers to fill in missing data and standardize formats:
       Address Verification, Phone and Email Cleansers, Date Standardization, String function cleansers, ML-based and user defined matching

  4. RDM
   
Integrating and Analyzing Data:
  Inbound:
  1. Reltio REST API
  2. Reltio Data LOader and External Match
  3. Reltio Pre-Configured Connectors (Salesforce Connector, D&B, BvD)
  4. Reltio Integration HUB

  Outbound:
  1. Reltio REST API
  2. Reltio Export
  3. Event Streaming
  3. Reltio Connectors
  4. Reltio Integration HUB


Workflow Data Governance:
  Workflow are the main features Reltio has to drive Data Governance efforts
  Are the sequence of tasks or steps with condition that achieve a specific business goal
  Tracks changes in Real-time so Data Stewards can review and approve changes
  
  Reltio provide 3 fully configured workflow:
  1. Potential Match review
  2. Recommend Delete
  3. Data Change Request (DCR)  : User submits a DCR and workflow triggers sending an assigned individual a task to approve/reject the change
  
  Customers can also create their own workflow
  
Securing and Protecting Data:
  High Security Standards:
  1. Running periodic penetration tests
  2. Maintaining approved security policies and procedures aligned to a HITRUST CSF Standard
  3. Obtaining SOC 1 type II and SOC 2 Type II complaince certifications for Reltio cloud platform
  4. Obtaining 3rd party certifications for Europian union (EU), Swiss privacy shield, and Asian Pacific (APEC)
  5. Developing code to the OWASP (Open web application security project) top ten standards
  6. Maintaining an environment on the platform configured to meet Health Insurance Portability Act (HIPAA) requirements



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  










   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   





















   
   
   
   



