Reltio brings value to organizations through these 9 key customer initiatives:
1. Accelerate Growth: Omnichannel Engagement, Customer Centricity and Targeted Marketing, Sales Effectiveness
2. Reduce Costs: Digital Self-Service, Intelligent Process Automation, M&A Integration and Partner Collaboration
3. Minimize Risks: Fraud Detection, Privacy & Consent Management, Auditing and Compliance Reporting


Accelerate Growth Initiative:

1. Omnichannel Engagement:
   > Instant access to timely, trusted information accross all channels for Customers/prospects
   > Unified client profiles with transactions and interactions for a 360° customer view
   > View relationship among product, people and organization

2. Customer Centricity and Targeted Marketing:
   > Track end-to-end customer journey
   > Seize cross-sell business opportunities with "next best offer" for key life events
   > Offer Compelling compaign and innovative services

3. Sales Effectiveness:
   > Understand the customer needs and engage with them effectively with the right offer
   > Easily perform white space analysis to find sales opportunities
   > Accurately and Effortlessly manage commisions and territory planning
   
4. Digital self Service:
   A solution or a group of solutions enabling web users or employees to be completely autonomous on a website 
   or intranet
   > Minimize operational costs by reducing demand for live customer support
   > Improve operational speed and efficiency
   > Free up employee resources for better service
   > Increase customer satisfaction and loyalty by empowering them to work with you as they prefer
   
   
5. M&A Integration and Partner Collaboration:
   Integration with partners and acquired companies after mergers and acquisitions can be costly and lengthy
   process due to different systems, terminologies, methods
   > Rapidly integrates with partners and acquired company's system
   > Standardize data across ecosystem
   > De-duplicate and merge profiles
   > Continuously improve data quality
   
6. Intelligent Process Automation:
   Streamlines a system by removing human inputs, which decreases errors, increases speed of delivery, 
   boosts quality, minimizes costs and simplifies business process
   > Feeds operational systems with unified, real time, standardized data
   > Automatically scales to support business growth and fluctuating workload demand
   
7. Privacy and Consent Management:
   A system or process for allowing customers to determine what personal data they are willing to share with business
   > Collect and share consent and preferences data across all systems in real time
   > Protect customer data with enterprise-class security
   
8. Fraud Detection:
   A set of activities undertaken to prevent money or property from being obtained through false pretenses
   > Integrate real-time trusted data to fraud management systems from legacy and other systems
   > Enrich customer data with 3rd party data sources to have visibility to their credit history, etc
   
9. Auditing and Complaince Reporting:
   A comprehansive review of an organization's adherence to regulatory guidelines
   > Centralize and share consent and preferences data across all systems
   > Easily search data changes, deletions via a simple UI
   > Continuously monitor data quality metrics via interactive dashboards
   
   
   
   
Successs Story (EMPIRE LIFE):
Business Challenge: 
1. On-Premise Legacy MDM with high infrastructure cost
2. Need for improved customer Experience
3. Comply with anti-spam laws
3. Agility and regular product updates without disruptions

Solution:
1. Replace Legacy MDM with Reltio's Saas MDM
2. Connect 8 back office Systems
3. Fuel 15 downstream applications with trusted data

Outcomes:
1. 60% increase in first call resolution. No longer had to bounce call around in call-center.
2. Improved Customer Experience and Customer Service Productivity
3. Improved data quality pipeline, reducing IT workload



