Reltio Platform Security Model:

  The Reltio Cloud Platform is cloud native and leverages security regimes from world leading public cloud providers 
  (i.e. Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft Azure), as well as Reltio’s own internal data security practices, to deliver Reltio services 
  to our customers.

1. Access
  The Reltio platform's security model provides granular access across all services to users based on the least-privileged access principle. 
  This means, users can only access those resources and data that they need to perform their job roles based on specific business requirements. 
  The idea is to ensure the right people have access to the right resources. 
  
2. Role-Based Access Controls
  Customers are responsible for defining and managing users, roles, and groups, within the customer’s deployment based on their business requirement . 
  Customers can administer role-based access control (RBAC) using the Reltio Console or Reltio APIs.  
  Authorization is denied by default, and only users who have explicit access permissions to a Reltio resource may perform functions in the Reltio Cloud Platform.  

3. Metadata security 
   It helps you bridge this gap. Metadata security allows you to restrict user access to specific types of metadata at the entity, relationship, 
   or attribute-level based on their role. By implementing Metadata security, you will have better granular control over your user access. 

4. Single Sign-On
  The platform supports Single Sign-On (SSO) access for customers with both SAML and OIDC protocols, and also provides role-based access 
  controls for customers to maintain access rights to its tenants.  
  
5. Administrative Access
  Reltio support and administrative access to customer production systems is restricted.  
  Customers can request administrative access for their staff based on a valid business need such as a bugfix by submitting a Support ticket. 
  

Reltio Platform Security Benefits

The Reltio Platform Security Model enables you to manage all of your users and their privileges based on business requirements. 
This establishes better data security and governance to meet your business, statutory, and compliance requirements.

- Safeguards all your data by limiting role-based access to data and resources.
- Establishes data governance by providing privilege-based access to resources.
- Provides out-of-the-box System roles that you can assign to users to get started quickly.
- Allows you to define your own custom roles and provide appropriate privileges based on your business requirements.
- Enables you to assign or revoke the roles to users at the tenant level.
- Provides the ability to group users and makes role assignment much easier.
- Reduces the dependency on the Administrator role.


Identity and Access Management:
When a user accesses the Reltio platform, the first thing to check is the user’s identity (Authentication).
Once the user confirms their identity, the next step is to determine what resources the user can access (Authorization). 
The same principle applies to system processes/API requests triggered by applications in the organization that try to access data in the Reltio platform.

What is Authentication?
  Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of a user or system. It is the act of validating whether users are who they claim to be.  
  For example: authentication can be as simple as using an username and password to log into an app.

  Reltio provides two options to authenticate access depending on the tenant configuration:
  > Single Sign-On (SSO) using a corporate Identity Provider (IdP).
  > Non-SSO using the Reltio Authentication Service.

  Reltio supports the following protocols to configure SSO:
  > OAuth2/OpenID Connect (OIDC)
  > Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML)

What is Authorization?
Authorization is the act of giving a user permission to access a specific resource. 
For example: Only employees from the Human Resources department can access employee records.
The Reltio Platform allows you to authorize users by assigning roles and permissions that are defined based on specific business requirements.

  Reltio's Security model uses permissions to grant access to user accounts. Permissions are a combination of services, resources/sub-resources, and privileges. 
  These permissions are allocated to roles, which later can be assigned to users (directly or via groups) making sure you have total control over the access 
  level users have to features and functionality in the Reltio platform.

  A Quick Example
  To enable a user, Karen, to monitor the health of a LCA (Life Cycle Actions) service, you would need to assign Karen the role that has privilege 
  for Monitoring resources in the LCA Service. Without this role permission, Karen, would not be able to access the LCA service.

  Authorization: Privileges
    The Reltio Platform supports role-based security for metadata, data, and even specific REST API endpoints. You can define privilege for each role. 
      1. Create
      2. Read
      3. Update
      4. Execute : Execute a specific action
      5. Deletion


Roles:
1. System Roles: These are the default roles provided by Reltio to enable your access to the Reltio Platform. 
                 You cannot edit these predefined roles as the permissions for these roles are managed in the Reltio Platform. 
                 Each system role can either provide access to a single module/service, or to a combination of several modules/services. 
2. Custom Roles: Reltio allows customers to create their own custom roles to provide access to users based on their business requirements. 
                 The permissions for these roles are owned and managed by the respective customers. 
                 
Once you define a Role, you can assign it to a User or a Group. A Group is made up of numerous Users with the same access, defined by a Group name. 
When you're assigning a Role to a User or a Group, you also need to associate Reltio tenants for which the User or Group is going to have that role. 
By associating roles with tenants, you can grant or restrict user access to your data.

Each Role has an associated Permissions Matrix that provides information about the Services, Resources/Sub-resources, and Privileges for each system role. 
Reviewing the Permission Matrix for a System Role helps you assign appropriate roles to your users based on your business requirements and the level of access they 
need to perform their job.

   > ROLE_API
    - All users who need to access the Reltio API must be granted the ROLE_API system role. 
      This role enables users and administrators to access various Reltio services and resources/sub-resources that they have access to using the Reltio API.

   > ROLE_ADMIN_CUSTOMER
    - This system role must be assigned to administrators who need to manage all tenant data and user access rights of all the tenants in the scope of a customer.

   > ROLE_ADMIN_TENANT
    - This system role must be assigned to administrators who need to manage tenant data for specified tenants of a customer, but do not need access 
      to user account management.

   > ROLE_ADMIN_USER
    - This system role must be assigned to administrators who only need to manage user accounts of a customer. 

****User accounts can be managed Internal to Reltio or External to Reltio, through an Identity Provider (IdP) such as Okta, Ping, Auth0, 
****Google Apps, GitHub, and Active Directory Federation Services.




