Overview
 > In Reltio platform, the workflows feature allows you to manage business processes through a series of predetermined steps
   or tasks based on predefined rules or conditions
 > Reltio has predefined out-of-the-box workflows to handle typical business use case and automate the implementation process

Why workflows?
 > Data Governance is often described as People, process, and technology coming together to improve the quality of enterprice data
 > Some key challenges that business face when enriching and managing data can be broadly classified into:
   1. Non-Standardized business process
   2. Miscommunication
   3. Lack of accountability
   4. Difficult tracking
 > Business need a way to reduce the noise and provide users only the relevant information that they need for decision making
   This information can be either system generated or provided by collaborators
 > Businesses look for mechanism to assign tasks to the most appropriate person available at a given time to help increase
   the overall throughput and minimize error and cost
 > A robust tracking mechanism helps businesses implement the business process and drive overall accountability

 > Actors in Reltio Workflow:
   A typical workflow used to implement a repeatable business process with clearly defined accountability. Users with different
   role interact with workflows and tasks in a different ways.
   1. Business Users : Initiate workflow
   2. Data Stewards : Resolve workflow tasks
   3. System Administrators : Manage users, roles, and tasks
   4. Business Analysts, developers : Modify Out-of-the-box workflows or develop custom workflows

 > Only users with role ROLE_WORKFLOW can initiate a workflow

What are workflows?
 > Workflow represent an orchestrated and repeatable pattern of activity. A workflow consists of a sequence of tasks that
   achieve a specific business goal
 > Example: Workflow to verify a personal details and lists the various tasks involved in personal details verification
            process flow
            Import Contacts > Verify Addresses > Verify Email > Verify Phone > Accept record

What are Reltio Workflow?
 Reltio workflow allows you to manage complex business processes through a series of predetermined steps and tasks.
 > Reltio Preconfigured Workflow
   1. Potential Match Review
   2. Recommend Delete
   3. Data Change Request

 > Reltio Custom Workflow
   1. Reltio provides tools and libraries to customize workflows and deploy it in Reltio
   2. Reltio provides productivity services that are integrated with Reltio workflows
   3. Reltio provides roles and security for task initiators, assignees, and reviewers for better accountability and process adherence
     
Workflow Tasks:
 > An individual step in workflow is called a task
 > Workflow tasks can be broadly classified into 2 major categories:
   1. User tasks : 
      > Tasks that can be manually carried out by user
      > Perfomed by Users such as review and approval
   2. System tasks : 
      > Tasks that are triggered and performed by the system when specific conditions are met
      > Performed by system such as listening to events, triggering appropriate actions, validating user input and context,
        notifying users based on predefined configuration
 > In Reltio you can:
   1. Create tasks 
   2. Claim and complete a task
   3. Control and update the assignee for a task
   4. Collaborate with other users by commenting on a task

Potential Match Review Workflow:

 Start  >   Match Review  >  Decision Gateway   --Merge-->    Merge Service     >    End 
                                    |                                                  |
                                    |------Not-a-Match--->  Not a Match Service -------|

 Match Review: It is a user task and requires user intervention
 Merge and Not a Match Services: System tasks that are triggered and automatically managed by system based on user action
 Reltio workflow is not enabled by default. Customers need to request workflow to be enabled.


Reltio Workflow and Business Process Management:
 > Reltio uses Activiti workflow engine - a business process execution language (BPEL) compliant workflow engine
 > Reltio has workflow modeler which is part of console and activity plugin for eclipse to create and modify custom workflows
 > Workflow modeler supports workflows 2.0 open standard and user interface is typically sufficient to create business processes
   for most cases
 > All workflow can be accessed and managed using the API

Tools and Libraries to customize workflows:
 > Workflow modeler : Web based business process designer that supports business process model and Notation 2.0 open standard
 > Java : JAVA libraries can be used to customize various aspects of workflow
 > Activiti : Java centric open-source workflow engine that supports real-world process automation

Productivity Services Integrated with Reltio Workflow:
 1. Inbox : Helps you manage and work on all workflow tasks
 2. Dashboard : Helps you view task notification
 3. Notifications : Notifies you regarding workflow tasks. Notifications can be accessed in Dashboard, Inbox, email


Custom Workflows:
 > For custom and specific business needs reltio platform supports defining new business processes and provides necessary tools
   and APIs for seamless workflow experience
 > Allows you to define business processes using a web based modeler
 > Supports customization of user and service tasks
 > Provides framework for creating custom logic in java and importing it
 > Supports local debugging of custom code in UI and debugger


User Roles:
 > ROLE_API : 
   - Required to interact with Reltio Platform 
 > ROLE_USER :
   - Required to interact with Reltio Platform from HUB UI and other UI based applications
 > ROLE_WORKFLOW :
   - Required to initiate a workflow
   - Required to view, reassign and act on workflow tasks via Reltio Inbox
   - Required to view task notification in Dashboard UI
   - Required to publish workflows to a Reltio Tenant
 > ROLE_REVIEWER:
   - Required to be assigned, view and act on workflow tasks
   - Does not have any previledges assigned by default and is designed to be used as filter for users who can be assigned
     workflow tasks

Workflow task Validation:
 > Reltio workflow task validator automatically marks a workflow task as invalid if changes resulting from other processes
   impact the smooth functioning of task

Notifications:
 > User supporting the workflow receive email notifications whenever workflow task is assigned to them
 > Notification emails can be assessed in Reltio user interface using Dashboard or using Reltio Inbox
 > When a task is completed, user who initiated the task also recieves notification:
   1. The completion status of task
   2. The name of assignee
   3. Any comments added by reviewer
 > Notifications are disabled for Potential Match Review (PMR) workflow by default




















































